## Design Approach
  The design approach used in the project is based on the following:  
  - ***Data Flow Design***  
    SMF/RMF data is retrieved over the internet in XML format. The XML is then passed to the parsing engine and an output in JSON/CSV format is produced. The outputs for Realtime RMF reports are saved into a NoSQL database. Performance metrics from Realtime reports are exposed through an endpoint and Scraped Using Prometheus.
  - ***Architecture Design***  
    The project will follow a Three Layer Architecture so that the objects in the system as a whole can be organized to best separate concerns and prepare for distribution and reuse.
  - ***Graphical Tool***  
    Prometheus serves as a data source for building Realtime dashboards using a graphical tool. The project makes use of an open source graphical tool (Grafana) for creating real time monitoring dashboards from parsed RMF data.

## Design Pattern:
  The Application Classes were factored into the following 3 layers:  
  - ***The App-Server Layer***  
    This layer consist of the following components:  
      - ***HTTP GET Functions***  
        These functions send a HTTP GET Request to RMF DDS server for RMF Monitor III or RMF Post Processor data.  
      - ***Parser***  
        This consist of functions for parsing RMF Monitor III and RMF Post Processor data.  
      - ***Model***  
        This consist of Schema definitions for data to be saved into MongoDB.  
  - ***The data Layer***  
    This layer contains the two data warehouse for the project:  
      - ***Prometheus***  
        Prometheus saves Realtime Performance metrics exposed by the parsing Engine.  
      - ***MongoDB***  
        MongoDB saves Realtime data output from the parsing Engine.  
  - ***The Presentation Layer***  
    This layer consist of:  
      - ***Zowe API Catalog/Browser***  
        This tool displays JSON output from the parsing Engine.  
      - ***Grafana***  
        This tool displays dashboard from real time data output from the parsing Engine.  

## System Design Consideration
  1. ***Directories***  
      - ***Root Directory***  
        This directory consist of:  
          - ***App.js file***  
            This is the file contain app/server code.    
          - ***PromMetricsv1.js***  
            This file contains function that expose real time CPU utilization metrics using prom-client library.  
          - ***Mongov1.js***  
            This file contains functions that save real time parsing engine output to MongoDB.  
      - ***App Server Directory***  
        This directory Consist of:  
          - ***v1_Controllers folder***  
            This folder is made up of files that contain functions controlling the Events/Actions of the parsing Engine.  
          - ***Parser folder***  
            This folder is made up of files containing functions for parsing real time and post processor data by the parsing Engine.  
          - ***Models folder***  
            This folder contains Schema files for saving data to MongoDB as well as db.js file which contains functions for connecting to MongoDB.  
          - ***Routes folder***  
            This folder contain files for mapping URL Endpoints to controller functions of the parsing Engine.  
      - ***Config***
        This directory consist of:  
          - ***Zconfig.json***  
            This file contains the configurations of the parsing engine in JSON format.
  2. ***Exception Handling***  
    Exception Handlers occur at the application level. Errors are displayed in JSON format/Error Pages.  
