README.md, before:



# ZEBRA(Zowe Embedded Browser for RMF/SMF and APIs)


# License Information 

This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v2.0 which accompanies this distribution, and is available at https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v20.html

SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0

Copyright Contributors to the Zowe Project.

  
# About ZEBRA and System Requirements

   Zebra is an open source SW project under Linux Foundation's Open Mainframe Project's ZOWE Project.  It intends to provide re-usable and industry compliant JSON formatted RMF/SMF data records, so that many other ISV SW and users can exploit them using Open-Source SW for many ways.
   
   As an example and use-case, it shows real-time data and historical data in JSON format with time stamps. It can also store realtime data into MongoDB and Plot realtime Workload and CPU Utilization chart using Grafana. Zebra can be used to Parse static RMF Monotor I XML file into JSON. 
   
   ** Required SW:
   
   - Current version of Zebra requires RMF DDS Service(GPMSERV) running on IBM z/OS as source of the data
   - NodeJS for runtime (This version tested with nodejs v8.11.2)
   
   ** Optional SW (you will need to install them from their sites) in case you like to test examples shown here:
   
   - Grafana
   - Prometheus
   - MongoDB
   

<IMG SRC = "https://github.com/ykimvicom/zebra-1/blob/main/Zebra%20mainpage.png"> </IMG>

## <Picture 1>  Zebra main page screenshot


<IMG SRC = "https://github.com/ykimvicom/zebra-1/blob/main/Zebra%20GRAFANA.png"> </IMG>
## <Picture 2>  Zebra use case example #1 - Plotting thru Grafana with RMF I real-time data
  
   
# Running Zebra

  To Run Zebra, You'll need to:
  -  Set Up your Environment: You'll need to install nodejs (most prefered{v 8.11.x}), git and optional programs like Prometheus, MongoDB and Grafana. Optional programs will require proper licenses per their terms and conditions.
  
  - Clone Zebra src code
  ```
  git clone git@github.com:zowe/zebra.git
  
  ```
  - navigate to the source code folder
  ```
  cd src
  ```
  
  - Install App packages using npm install from root directory, change set up using config files
  ```
  npm install
  ```

  - Make a copy of ```exampleZconfig.json``` and name it ```Zconfig.json```
   
  - Run Zebra using npm, pm2, nodemon or any other nodejs process manager
  
   ```
   node bin/www
   ```
  
  and you will see it prints: 
    
    
    http server listening at port 3090
    Admin Saved Successfuly
    
    
 If you didn't make any changes, you can proceed to change config from the browser by accessing http://localhost:3090 OR proceed to below instruction to change `Zconfig.json` file appropriately per your need.
    
# Use Zebra with web browser 

  To Use Zebra, you'll need to configure the application parameters. These parameters can be configured by simply editing the `Zconfig.json` file in the `src/config` directory or using Zebra's `/addsetting` function from the browser (or Web API) while Zebra instance is running.
 
 ## Configuring Zebra 
 
 ### Zebra Configuration parameters for Zconfig.json file
 
 * ddsbaseurl : IP address or domain name of z/OS RMF DDS Server. It currently does not have function to provide id/pw if GPMSERV requires one. If GPMSERV needs access id/pw, please create issue and we will try to support it
 
 * ddsbaseport:   port number used when accessing above DDS Server. The typical default DDS port number if 8803.
 
 * rmf3filename:  filename/extension used when DDS RMF service sends RMF 3 data to its Web API. The default value is 'rmfm3.xml'.
 
 * rmfppfilename: filename/extension used when DDS RMF service sends RMF I Post Processor data to its Web API. The default value is 'rmfpp.xml'.
 
 * mvsResource:   Parameter value for RMF DDS Monitor III resource identifier.
 
 * mongourl:      IP or URL of MongoDB server location which RMF data will be saved.
 
 * dbinterval:    The data capture/recording interval into MongoDB, the default value is 100 (secodns).
 
 * dbname:        MongoDB database name where RMF III monitor data will be saved.
 
 * appurl:        IP address / URL of running Zebra instance (after hosting). This value is needed for MongoDB, Prometheus and Grafana to work with Zebra
 
 * appport:       Port of a running Zebra Server Instance
 
 * mongoport:     MongoDB service port
 
 * ppminutesInterval: Interval for which DDS Produce RMF I data. Its unit is in minutes E.g. Every 30 Minutes or 15 Minutes.
 
 * rmf3interval: Interval set on how often DDS Produce RMF III data. E.g. Every 100 seconds 
 
 * httptype: http|https - Setting Zebra service type either HTTP or HTTPS.
 
 * useDbAuth: true|false - Set if MongoDB would require authentication to access its database writing RMF data into MongoDB.
 
 * dbUser: MongoDB's User ID used by Zebra when writing RMF data into JSON(BSON) format to MongoDB.
 
 * dbPassword: MongoDB's User Password used by Zebra.
 
 * authSource: MongoDB's authentication DB source. Default is 'admin'.
 
 * useMongo: true|false - option to send data to MongoDB
 
 * usePrometheus: true|false - option to send data to Prometheus
 
 * https: true|false - parameter to set enabling TLS for servicing Zebra APIs.
 
 * grafanaurl: IP address or URL to Prometheus/Grafana service.
 
 * grafanaport: Port used to access Grafana service.
 
 
 
 ### Zebra Configuration using Web API endpoint
 
   Zebra’s configuration gives users the flexibility to run the app according to their needs.  Zebra provides “/addsettings” endpoint for editing config values. This endpoint can take one or more parameters recognized by zebra at once. E.g. http://localhost:3090/addsettings?appurl=127.0.0.1
  

 
   -  ddsbaseurl: (Distributed Data Server base URL)   
      This is the IP address of the DDS from which the App can retrieve RMF Data. E.g.   
       http://localhost:3090/addsettings?ddsurl=127.0.0.1
   -  ddsbaseport: (Distributed Data Server base Port)   
      This is the Port number of the DDS from which from which the App can retrieve RMF Data. E.g  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?ddsport=8888
   -  rmf3filename: (DDS RMF Monitor III Filename)  
      This is the filename from which The App can retrieve RMF Monitor III data. E.g.  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?rmf3filename=rmfm3.xml
   -  rmfppfilename: (DDS RMF Monitor I Filename)  
      This is the filename from which The App can retrieve RMF Monitor I data. E.g.  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?rmfppfilename=rmfpp.xml
   -  mvsResource: (DDS RMF Monitor III resource identifier)  
      This parameter represent Monitor III resource identifier. E.g.  
       http://localhost:3090/addsettings?mvsResource=,SYS,RESOURCE
   -  mongourl: (Mongo DB URL)  
      This is the IP address of MongoDB to which RMF III data will be saved. E.g.  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?mongourl=127.0.0.1
   -  dbinterval: (Database Interval)  
      This is the Interval for which data will be saved to MongoDB. Its unit is in seconds. E.g. Every 100 seconds  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?dbinterval=100
   -  dbname: (Database Name)  
      This is the name of the database for which RMF III data will be saved. E.g  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?dbname=ompzebra
   -  appurl: (Running Zebra App URL)  
      This is the IP address of running Zebra instance (after hosting). This value is needed for MongoDB, Prometheus and Grafana to work with Zebra. E.g. 127.0.0.1.    
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?appurl=127.0.0.1
   -  appport: (Running Zebra App Port)  
      This is the Port of a running Zebra Instance (after hosting). This value is needed for MongoDB, Prometheus and Grafana to work with Zebra. E.g. 3000  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?appport=3000  
   -  mongoport: (Mongo DB Port)  
      This is the port number of MongoDB to which RMF III data will be saved. E.g.    
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?mongoport=27017
   -  ppminutesInterval: (RMF Monitor I PP Report Interval)  
      This is the Interval for which DDS Produce RMF I report. Its unit is in minutes E.g. Every 30 Minutes  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?ppminutesInterval=30
   -  rmf3interval: (RMF Monitor III Report Interval)  
      This is the Interval for which DDS Produce RMF III report. E.g. Every 100 seconds  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?rmf3interval=100
   -  httptype: (http type of running Zebra App)
      This is the hypertext transfer protocol type of the running zebra app (after hosting). Its value is either http or https. E.g.  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?httptype=http
   -  useDbAuth: ( Use Database Authentication)
      This config parameter determines the type of connection to mongodb, either with authentication or without authentication. Its value is either true or false. If value is set to true, zebra will require username and password with which to connect to mongodb. E.g.  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?useDbAuth=true
   -  dbUser: (Database Username)  
      This is mongodb username with which zebra will connect to database if value of useDbAuth is set to true. E.g.  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?dbUser=salisuali
   -  dbPassword: (Database Password)  
      This is mongodb password with which zebra will connect to database if value of useDbAuth is set to true. E.g.  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?dbPassword=salisu
   -  authSource: (Authentication Source)  
       This is mongodb database which contains the username and password for authentication. The default is mongodb’s “admin” database. E.g.  
       http://localhost:3090/addsettings?authSource=admin
   -  useMongo: (Use Mongo DB)  
       This parameter needs to be set to true before a user can connect MongoDB to Zebra. Its default value is false. E.g.  
       http://localhost:3090/addsettings?useMongo=true  
   -  usePrometheus: (Use Prometheus server)  
       This parameter needs to be set to true before a user can connect Prometheus to Zebra. Its default value is false. E.g.  
       http://localhost:3090/addsettings?usePrometheus=true
   -  https: (Use TLS)  
       This parameter needs to be set to true before a user can use TLS for Zebra. Its default value is false. E.g.  
       http://localhost:3090/addsettings?https=true

The user can specify multiple configuration parameters at once:  
       http://localhost:3090/addsettings?dbinterval=3600&appport=3000  
      The above URL contains two parameters dbinterval and appport. The user can specify as many parameters as possible with their value each. These new values specified by the user will overwrite the value stored in zebra’s config file.

# Sample Zebra Queries
  Please replace localhost with the IP address of your running Zebra Instance 
  
1. RMF Monitor 3 Report
    + CPC Report  
        a. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=CPC  
        b. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=CPC&parm=CPCHCMSU  
        c. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=CPC&parm=ALL  
        d. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=CPC&lpar_parms=ALL_CP  
        e. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=CPC&lpar_parms=VIRPT  
        f. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=CPC&lpar_parms=VIRPT&parm=CPCHLMSU  
    + USAGE and PROC Reports  
        a. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=USAGE  
        b. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=PROC  
        c. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=PROC&job=SDSFAUX  
        d. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=PROC&job=ALL_JOBS  
        e. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=PROC&parm=PRCPSVCL 
    + Other RMF3 Reports  
        a. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=SYSINFO
        b. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=SYSSUM&resource=,,SYSPLEX
    + Specific RMF3 Fields
        a. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?id=8D0160
        b. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?id=8D0160&resource=,,SYSPLEX
        c. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?id=8D0F60
    + Listing IDs and Description
        a. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?id=LIST
        b. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?id=LIST&resource=,,SYSPLEX
2.	RMF Post Processor Report
    + Workload  
        a. http://localhost:3090/rmfpp?report=WLMGL&date=20200731,20200731
        b. http://localhost:3090/rmfpp?report=WLMGL&start=2020-07-31&end=2020-07-31
        c. http://localhost:3090/rmfpp?report=WLMGL&date=20200731,20200731&SvcCls=STCHIGH  
        d. http://localhost:3090/rmfpp?report=WLMGL&date=20200731,20200731&SvcCls=STCHIGH&Time=05.30.00  
        e. http://localhost:3090/rmfpp?report=WLMGL&date=20200731,20200731&SvcCls=STCHIGH&duration=05.30.00,09.30.00  
        f. http://localhost:3090/rmfpp?report=WLMGL&date=20200731,20200731&Wlkd=TSO  
        g. http://localhost:3090/rmfpp?report=WLMGL&date=20200731,20200731&Wlkd=TSO&Time=05.30.00  
        h. http://localhost:3090/rmfpp?report=WLMGL&date=20200731,20200731&Wlkd=TSO&duration=04.00.00,07.30.00  
    + CPU  
        a. http://localhost:3090/rmfpp?report=CPU&date=20200731,20200731
        b. http://localhost:3090/rmfpp?report=CPU&start=2020-07-31&end=2020-07-31
    + Static  
        a. http://localhost:3090/static?file=C:\Users\Salis\Desktop\rmfpp.xml&type=CPU
        b. http://localhost:3090/static?file=C:\Users\Salis\Desktop\rmfpp.xml&type=WLMGL


| Folder | Description |
|---|---|
| Documentation | Contains all documentation from the OMP Mentorship project periods. It has description of the architecture, design, installation and configuration of Zebra's intinial design |
| src | Source code - create as many subdirectories as needed |

Commit message:

Updated example static route request in README
Signed-off-by: Justin Santer <jsanter@vicominfinity.com>

README.md, after:



# ZEBRA(Zowe Embedded Browser for RMF/SMF and APIs)


# License Information 

This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v2.0 which accompanies this distribution, and is available at https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v20.html

SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0

Copyright Contributors to the Zowe Project.

  
# About ZEBRA and System Requirements

   Zebra is an open source SW project under Linux Foundation's Open Mainframe Project's ZOWE Project.  It intends to provide re-usable and industry compliant JSON formatted RMF/SMF data records, so that many other ISV SW and users can exploit them using Open-Source SW for many ways.
   
   As an example and use-case, it shows real-time data and historical data in JSON format with time stamps. It can also store realtime data into MongoDB and Plot realtime Workload and CPU Utilization chart using Grafana. Zebra can be used to Parse static RMF Monotor I XML file into JSON. 
   
   ** Required SW:
   
   - Current version of Zebra requires RMF DDS Service(GPMSERV) running on IBM z/OS as source of the data
   - NodeJS for runtime (This version tested with nodejs v8.11.2)
   
   ** Optional SW (you will need to install them from their sites) in case you like to test examples shown here:
   
   - Grafana
   - Prometheus
   - MongoDB
   

<IMG SRC = "https://github.com/ykimvicom/zebra-1/blob/main/Zebra%20mainpage.png"> </IMG>

## <Picture 1>  Zebra main page screenshot


<IMG SRC = "https://github.com/ykimvicom/zebra-1/blob/main/Zebra%20GRAFANA.png"> </IMG>
## <Picture 2>  Zebra use case example #1 - Plotting thru Grafana with RMF I real-time data
  
   
# Running Zebra

  To Run Zebra, You'll need to:
  -  Set Up your Environment: You'll need to install nodejs (most prefered{v 8.11.x}), git and optional programs like Prometheus, MongoDB and Grafana. Optional programs will require proper licenses per their terms and conditions.
  
  - Clone Zebra src code
  ```
  git clone git@github.com:zowe/zebra.git
  
  ```
  - navigate to the source code folder
  ```
  cd src
  ```
  
  - Install App packages using npm install from root directory, change set up using config files
  ```
  npm install
  ```

  - Make a copy of ```exampleZconfig.json``` and name it ```Zconfig.json```
   
  - Run Zebra using npm, pm2, nodemon or any other nodejs process manager
  
   ```
   node bin/www
   ```
  
  and you will see it prints: 
    
    
    http server listening at port 3090
    Admin Saved Successfuly
    
    
 If you didn't make any changes, you can proceed to change config from the browser by accessing http://localhost:3090 OR proceed to below instruction to change `Zconfig.json` file appropriately per your need.
    
# Use Zebra with web browser 

  To Use Zebra, you'll need to configure the application parameters. These parameters can be configured by simply editing the `Zconfig.json` file in the `src/config` directory or using Zebra's `/addsetting` function from the browser (or Web API) while Zebra instance is running.
 
 ## Configuring Zebra 
 
 ### Zebra Configuration parameters for Zconfig.json file
 
 * ddsbaseurl : IP address or domain name of z/OS RMF DDS Server. It currently does not have function to provide id/pw if GPMSERV requires one. If GPMSERV needs access id/pw, please create issue and we will try to support it
 
 * ddsbaseport:   port number used when accessing above DDS Server. The typical default DDS port number if 8803.
 
 * rmf3filename:  filename/extension used when DDS RMF service sends RMF 3 data to its Web API. The default value is 'rmfm3.xml'.
 
 * rmfppfilename: filename/extension used when DDS RMF service sends RMF I Post Processor data to its Web API. The default value is 'rmfpp.xml'.
 
 * mvsResource:   Parameter value for RMF DDS Monitor III resource identifier.
 
 * mongourl:      IP or URL of MongoDB server location which RMF data will be saved.
 
 * dbinterval:    The data capture/recording interval into MongoDB, the default value is 100 (secodns).
 
 * dbname:        MongoDB database name where RMF III monitor data will be saved.
 
 * appurl:        IP address / URL of running Zebra instance (after hosting). This value is needed for MongoDB, Prometheus and Grafana to work with Zebra
 
 * appport:       Port of a running Zebra Server Instance
 
 * mongoport:     MongoDB service port
 
 * ppminutesInterval: Interval for which DDS Produce RMF I data. Its unit is in minutes E.g. Every 30 Minutes or 15 Minutes.
 
 * rmf3interval: Interval set on how often DDS Produce RMF III data. E.g. Every 100 seconds 
 
 * httptype: http|https - Setting Zebra service type either HTTP or HTTPS.
 
 * useDbAuth: true|false - Set if MongoDB would require authentication to access its database writing RMF data into MongoDB.
 
 * dbUser: MongoDB's User ID used by Zebra when writing RMF data into JSON(BSON) format to MongoDB.
 
 * dbPassword: MongoDB's User Password used by Zebra.
 
 * authSource: MongoDB's authentication DB source. Default is 'admin'.
 
 * useMongo: true|false - option to send data to MongoDB
 
 * usePrometheus: true|false - option to send data to Prometheus
 
 * https: true|false - parameter to set enabling TLS for servicing Zebra APIs.
 
 * grafanaurl: IP address or URL to Prometheus/Grafana service.
 
 * grafanaport: Port used to access Grafana service.
 
 
 
 ### Zebra Configuration using Web API endpoint
 
   Zebra’s configuration gives users the flexibility to run the app according to their needs.  Zebra provides “/addsettings” endpoint for editing config values. This endpoint can take one or more parameters recognized by zebra at once. E.g. http://localhost:3090/addsettings?appurl=127.0.0.1
  

 
   -  ddsbaseurl: (Distributed Data Server base URL)   
      This is the IP address of the DDS from which the App can retrieve RMF Data. E.g.   
       http://localhost:3090/addsettings?ddsurl=127.0.0.1
   -  ddsbaseport: (Distributed Data Server base Port)   
      This is the Port number of the DDS from which from which the App can retrieve RMF Data. E.g  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?ddsport=8888
   -  rmf3filename: (DDS RMF Monitor III Filename)  
      This is the filename from which The App can retrieve RMF Monitor III data. E.g.  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?rmf3filename=rmfm3.xml
   -  rmfppfilename: (DDS RMF Monitor I Filename)  
      This is the filename from which The App can retrieve RMF Monitor I data. E.g.  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?rmfppfilename=rmfpp.xml
   -  mvsResource: (DDS RMF Monitor III resource identifier)  
      This parameter represent Monitor III resource identifier. E.g.  
       http://localhost:3090/addsettings?mvsResource=,SYS,RESOURCE
   -  mongourl: (Mongo DB URL)  
      This is the IP address of MongoDB to which RMF III data will be saved. E.g.  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?mongourl=127.0.0.1
   -  dbinterval: (Database Interval)  
      This is the Interval for which data will be saved to MongoDB. Its unit is in seconds. E.g. Every 100 seconds  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?dbinterval=100
   -  dbname: (Database Name)  
      This is the name of the database for which RMF III data will be saved. E.g  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?dbname=ompzebra
   -  appurl: (Running Zebra App URL)  
      This is the IP address of running Zebra instance (after hosting). This value is needed for MongoDB, Prometheus and Grafana to work with Zebra. E.g. 127.0.0.1.    
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?appurl=127.0.0.1
   -  appport: (Running Zebra App Port)  
      This is the Port of a running Zebra Instance (after hosting). This value is needed for MongoDB, Prometheus and Grafana to work with Zebra. E.g. 3000  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?appport=3000  
   -  mongoport: (Mongo DB Port)  
      This is the port number of MongoDB to which RMF III data will be saved. E.g.    
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?mongoport=27017
   -  ppminutesInterval: (RMF Monitor I PP Report Interval)  
      This is the Interval for which DDS Produce RMF I report. Its unit is in minutes E.g. Every 30 Minutes  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?ppminutesInterval=30
   -  rmf3interval: (RMF Monitor III Report Interval)  
      This is the Interval for which DDS Produce RMF III report. E.g. Every 100 seconds  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?rmf3interval=100
   -  httptype: (http type of running Zebra App)
      This is the hypertext transfer protocol type of the running zebra app (after hosting). Its value is either http or https. E.g.  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?httptype=http
   -  useDbAuth: ( Use Database Authentication)
      This config parameter determines the type of connection to mongodb, either with authentication or without authentication. Its value is either true or false. If value is set to true, zebra will require username and password with which to connect to mongodb. E.g.  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?useDbAuth=true
   -  dbUser: (Database Username)  
      This is mongodb username with which zebra will connect to database if value of useDbAuth is set to true. E.g.  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?dbUser=salisuali
   -  dbPassword: (Database Password)  
      This is mongodb password with which zebra will connect to database if value of useDbAuth is set to true. E.g.  
      http://localhost:3090/addsettings?dbPassword=salisu
   -  authSource: (Authentication Source)  
       This is mongodb database which contains the username and password for authentication. The default is mongodb’s “admin” database. E.g.  
       http://localhost:3090/addsettings?authSource=admin
   -  useMongo: (Use Mongo DB)  
       This parameter needs to be set to true before a user can connect MongoDB to Zebra. Its default value is false. E.g.  
       http://localhost:3090/addsettings?useMongo=true  
   -  usePrometheus: (Use Prometheus server)  
       This parameter needs to be set to true before a user can connect Prometheus to Zebra. Its default value is false. E.g.  
       http://localhost:3090/addsettings?usePrometheus=true
   -  https: (Use TLS)  
       This parameter needs to be set to true before a user can use TLS for Zebra. Its default value is false. E.g.  
       http://localhost:3090/addsettings?https=true

The user can specify multiple configuration parameters at once:  
       http://localhost:3090/addsettings?dbinterval=3600&appport=3000  
      The above URL contains two parameters dbinterval and appport. The user can specify as many parameters as possible with their value each. These new values specified by the user will overwrite the value stored in zebra’s config file.

# Sample Zebra Queries
  Please replace localhost with the IP address of your running Zebra Instance 
  
1. RMF Monitor 3 Report
    + CPC Report  
        a. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=CPC  
        b. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=CPC&parm=CPCHCMSU  
        c. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=CPC&parm=ALL  
        d. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=CPC&lpar_parms=ALL_CP  
        e. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=CPC&lpar_parms=VIRPT  
        f. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=CPC&lpar_parms=VIRPT&parm=CPCHLMSU  
    + USAGE and PROC Reports  
        a. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=USAGE  
        b. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=PROC  
        c. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=PROC&job=SDSFAUX  
        d. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=PROC&job=ALL_JOBS  
        e. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=PROC&parm=PRCPSVCL 
    + Other RMF3 Reports  
        a. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=SYSINFO
        b. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?report=SYSSUM&resource=,,SYSPLEX
    + Specific RMF3 Fields
        a. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?id=8D0160
        b. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?id=8D0160&resource=,,SYSPLEX
        c. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?id=8D0F60
    + Listing IDs and Description
        a. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?id=LIST
        b. http://localhost:3090/rmfm3?id=LIST&resource=,,SYSPLEX
2.	RMF Post Processor Report
    + Workload  
        a. http://localhost:3090/rmfpp?report=WLMGL&date=20200731,20200731
        b. http://localhost:3090/rmfpp?report=WLMGL&start=2020-07-31&end=2020-07-31
        c. http://localhost:3090/rmfpp?report=WLMGL&date=20200731,20200731&SvcCls=STCHIGH  
        d. http://localhost:3090/rmfpp?report=WLMGL&date=20200731,20200731&SvcCls=STCHIGH&Time=05.30.00  
        e. http://localhost:3090/rmfpp?report=WLMGL&date=20200731,20200731&SvcCls=STCHIGH&duration=05.30.00,09.30.00  
        f. http://localhost:3090/rmfpp?report=WLMGL&date=20200731,20200731&Wlkd=TSO  
        g. http://localhost:3090/rmfpp?report=WLMGL&date=20200731,20200731&Wlkd=TSO&Time=05.30.00  
        h. http://localhost:3090/rmfpp?report=WLMGL&date=20200731,20200731&Wlkd=TSO&duration=04.00.00,07.30.00  
    + CPU  
        a. http://localhost:3090/rmfpp?report=CPU&date=20200731,20200731
        b. http://localhost:3090/rmfpp?report=CPU&start=2020-07-31&end=2020-07-31
3. Static  
    + POST request with ```xml``` field in the body containing the file input
        a. http://localhost:3090/static


| Folder | Description |
|---|---|
| Documentation | Contains all documentation from the OMP Mentorship project periods. It has description of the architecture, design, installation and configuration of Zebra's intinial design |
| src | Source code - create as many subdirectories as needed |
