## Setting up your Environment
  In order to run zebra, you will need to set up your environment by installing Nodejs version 8.11.2. Installing Nodejs comes along with npm. Git is also needed for cloning the app from a github repository. Prometheus, MongoDB and Grafana are other programs needed to run Zebra.
## Clone Zebra
  To clone zebra from OMP github repository, use the command:
  ```
  git clone git@github.com:zowe/zebra.git
  
  ```
## Installing App Packages
  Follow these steps to install the app packages using a terminal/command prompt:
  - cd into the cloned app src folder
  - run npm install.
  The app will install packages as contained in the package.json folder.
## How to Run App
  To run Zebra App on a server or Local Machine, a user can choose to run the app using npm, nodemon or pm2.
  i. Using NPM (For Testing/Contributing)
  Follow these steps to run Zebra App using npm from a terminal/command prompt:
  - cd into the cloned app src folder (if you are not there already).
  - run npm start
  Note: using this method, a user has to stop and restart zebra whenever he/she made a change to the apps configuration for the changes to take effect.
  ii. Using Nodemon (For Testing/Contributing)
  After installing nodemon, follow these steps to run Zebra App using nodemon from a terminal/command prompt:
  - cd into the cloned app src folder (if you are not there already).
  - run nodemon
  Note: using this method, Zebra Automatically restart whenever a user made a change to the apps configuration.
  iii. Using PM2
  Follow these steps to run Zebra App using pm2 from a terminal/command prompt:
  - cd into the cloned app src folder (if you are not there already).
  - run pm2 start ./bin/www
  Note: use this method for production, it helps manage and keep your application running 24/7