 ## Configuring Zebra 
 
 ### Zebra Configuration parameters for Zconfig.json file
 
 * ddsbaseurl : IP address or domain name of z/OS RMF DDS Server. It currently does not have function to provide id/pw if GPMSERV requires one. If GPMSERV needs access id/pw, please create issue and we will try to support it
 
 * ddsbaseport:   port number used when accessing above DDS Server. The typical default DDS port number if 8803.
 
 * rmf3filename:  filename/extension used when DDS RMF service sends RMF 3 data to its Web API. The default value is 'rmfm3.xml'.
 
 * rmfppfilename: filename/extension used when DDS RMF service sends RMF I Post Processor data to its Web API. The default value is 'rmfpp.xml'.
 
 * mvsResource:   Parameter value for RMF DDS Monitor III resource identifier.
 
 * mongourl:      IP or URL of MongoDB server location which RMF data will be saved.
 
 * dbinterval:    The data capture/recording interval into MongoDB, the default value is 100 (secodns).
 
 * dbname:        MongoDB database name where RMF III monitor data will be saved.
 
 * appurl:        IP address / URL of running Zebra instance (after hosting). This value is needed for MongoDB, Prometheus and Grafana to work with Zebra
 
 * appport:       Port of a running Zebra Server Instance
 
 * mongoport:     MongoDB service port
 
 * ppminutesInterval: Interval for which DDS Produce RMF I data. Its unit is in minutes E.g. Every 30 Minutes or 15 Minutes.
 
 * rmf3interval: Interval set on how often DDS Produce RMF III data. E.g. Every 100 seconds 
 
 * httptype: http|https - Setting Zebra service type either HTTP or HTTPS.
 
 * useDbAuth: true|false - Set if MongoDB would require authentication to access its database writing RMF data into MongoDB.
 
 * dbUser: MongoDB's User ID used by Zebra when writing RMF data into JSON(BSON) format to MongoDB.
 
 * dbPassword: MongoDB's User Password used by Zebra.
 
 * authSource: MongoDB's authentication DB source. Default is 'admin'.
 
 * useMongo: true|fasle - option to send data to MongoDB
 
 * usePrometheus: true|false - option to send data to Prometheus
 
 * https: true|false - parameter to set enabling TLS for servicing Zebra APIs.
 
 * grafanaurl: IP address or URL to Prometheus/Grafana service.
 
 * grafanaport: Port used to access Grafana service.
 