## How to Set Up HTTPS for Zebra
  To set up TLS for Zebra Using your own CA certificate and key, follow these steps:
  1. Edit server.cert and server.key
    In the cloned src folder of Zebra, a subfolder named sslcert contains the files needed to set up TLS for zebra.
    i. Server.cert
      This file contains the Certificate to use in setting up TLS. Edit it by deleting its content and adding your own certificate.
    ii. Server.key
      This file contains the private key to use in setting up TLS. Edit it by deleting its content and adding your certificate’s private Key.
  2. Edit Zconfig
    After adding your private key and certificate to zebra, You will need to edit 3 Zebra config parameters in the Zconfig.json file.
    i. https
      This parameter needs to be set to true for zebra to use TLS.
    ii. appport
      The default port for zebra is 3090. Zebra makes use of port 3090 for http connections. In case of setting up TLS for Zebra, a different port is is used by zebra. The new port is calculated using the formula
      ```
      TLS port = (Default port + 1)

      ```
      The port for TLS connection is now 3091. So, appport parameter needs to be set to 3091.
      If you decided to change your default port for zebra, you can also calculate your https port value and set appport to the value of your TLS port.
    iii. httptype
      Finally, you will need to change this parameters value to https
    Note: if you are running Zebra using management tool like npm (which does not check for file changes). You will need to restart zebra for changes to take effect. Default Port (3090) automatically stops working after setting up TLS.