# The New Metrics User Interface
  The new Metrics User Interface for ZEBRA allows users to create and delete custom metrics for prometheus. It contains two forms: New metrics and Existing metrics form. It also displays Metrics already created by the user and users can view and delete these metrics.  
  
# Terminilogies
   **Metric** : This represented an RMF III report and its LPAR. its format is LPAR_REPORT e.g RPRT_CPC, RPRT_CHANNEL, RPRT_SYSINFO. Only one metric can be created for each report in a single LPAR. This means only one CPC report can exist for RPRT LPAR. Below is an example of a CPC metric  
```
   "RPRT_CPC": {
		"lpar": "RPRT",
		"request": {
			"report": "CPC",
			"resource": ",RPRT,MVS_IMAGE"
		},
		"identifiers": [
			
		]
	}
```
   
   **Identifiers** : This represent the parameters required to build a prometheus client metric from a Report. e.g parameters from CPC report needed to create a Total Utilization or effective utilization prometheus metric in ZEBRA. Each Metric can have multiple identifiers. Identifiers has 5 parameters:   
      	- **Identifier Key**: This represent the parameter in a report that has a Unique value you will like to monitor. e.g CPCHPNAM in That represent Name of partition that collected the data in CPC report  
      	- **Identifier Value**: This takes either ALL(to represent all Identifier key values) or a specific value for the identifier key (e.g VIRPT for CPCHPNAM in CPC report to signify intrest in only VIRPT LPAR data)  
      - **Metric ID (m_id)**: This is a unique ID selected by user to represent the Identifier (e.g TOU for Total Utilization, EFU for effective utilization)  
      - **Field**: This represent a numeric field in the report from which the number will be used to plot a chart in grafana. e.g CPCPLTOU which represent Logical processor total utilization, CPCPLEFU which represent Logical processor effective utilization in CPC Report  
      - **Description (desc)**: This is a user choosen description for the identifier  
      
  Below is an example of CPC metric with Total Utilization and Effective Utilization Identifiers
```
  "RPRT_CPC": {
		"lpar": "RPRT",
		"request": {
			"report": "CPC",
			"resource": ",RPRT,MVS_IMAGE"
		},
		"identifiers": [
			{
				"field": "CPCPLTOU",
				"key": "CPCPPNAM",
				"value": "ALL",
				"m_id": "TOU",
				"desc": "CPC Total Utilization"
			},
			{
				"key": "CPCPPNAM",
				"value": "ALL",
				"field": "CPCPLEFU",
				"m_id": "EFU",
				"desc": "Effective Utilization"
			}
		]
	}
```
   **Prometheus Metric** : These are the final metrics created by ZEBRA and exposed through http(s)://ZEBRA Ip:port/prommetric Endpoint. They are of the folloeing format:  
   ```
   {LPAR}_{IDENTIFIER_VALUE}_{METRIC_ID}
   ```
   
   example of ZEBRA Prometheus Metrics
   
```
# HELP RPRT_TRNG_TOU CPC Total Utilization
# TYPE RPRT_TRNG_TOU gauge
RPRT_TRNG_TOU{parm="CPCPLTOU"} 0.4

# HELP RPRT_VIDVLP_TOU CPC Total Utilization
# TYPE RPRT_VIDVLP_TOU gauge
RPRT_VIDVLP_TOU{parm="CPCPLTOU"} 0.5

# HELP RPRT_VIRPT_TOU CPC Total Utilization
# TYPE RPRT_VIRPT_TOU gauge
RPRT_VIRPT_TOU{parm="CPCPLTOU"} 0.5

# HELP RPRT_TRNG_EFU Effective Utilization
# TYPE RPRT_TRNG_EFU gauge
RPRT_TRNG_EFU{parm="CPCPLEFU"} 0.4

# HELP RPRT_VIDVLP_EFU Effective Utilization
# TYPE RPRT_VIDVLP_EFU gauge
RPRT_VIDVLP_EFU{parm="CPCPLEFU"} 0.4

# HELP RPRT_VIRPT_EFU Effective Utilization
# TYPE RPRT_VIRPT_EFU gauge
RPRT_VIRPT_EFU{parm="CPCPLEFU"} 0.5
```

# How To create a Metric
- Using the metrics user interface (http://zebraIP:port/metrics)  
- Click on New Metric. Use this form to add a new metric with one identifier
- Click Save

# How to Add Identifiers
- Using the metrics user interface (http://zebraIP:port/metrics) 
- Click on Existing Metric
- Select The Metric from the drop Down
- Fill the form
- Click Save

# View and Delete Metric/Identifier
- From the dropdown under metrics added in the center of the page
- Select a metric to view it details
- Click Delete ID to delete a single identifier
- Click Delete Metric to delete the metric and its Identifiers
